And here
It is a new model of Tokyo monorail that carries the users of Haneda Airport
It was introduced according to 50 years after opening in the year of Tokyo Olympics
And the Tokyo Olympics will be held again six years later
Access to Haneda is about to change significantly, with a move to consider new routes
It is a new model 10000 of the Tokyo monorail
Blue and green lines on the car body in the sky and the sea
In the car, conscious of the visitor from foreign countries Mt.
The image of the five-story pagoda etc. is designed
I do not like it
If you come here outside, you can use it for car reasons at first
Tokyo monorail carrying passengers from Haneda Airport
The opening of the store was ahead of the Tokyo Olympics
It was September, 1982
There are many people who first came to Haneda and saw the view of Tokyo from the monorail window for the first time
The use of monorails also grew as the number of passengers at Haneda Airport increased .
ec way
The number of passengers since its opening reached 1 billion in 1997
We receive a turning point in 1998
Keihin Express trains from Shinagawa to Haneda
A fierce competition has begun
Monorail speeds up
The fastest time from Hamamatsucho is 19 minutes
The number of customers last year was reduced by approximately 30% compared to the peak in 1997.
And the Tokyo Olympics will be held again six years later
There is a move to consider new routes as an increase in customers of Haneda is expected
One of the new routes jr East is considering
From Tokyo to Haneda in a plan to utilize the cargo line suspended from around Yamanote Line Tamachi
It is about 15 minutes shorter than now
In addition, we connect Keikyu Kamata of Keihin Electric Express Co., Ltd. and grade
Shibuya and maintain the popular line
There is also a concept connecting with Meguro
I think that there is a Tokyo monorail that is expected to increase rival
New vehicles introduced introduce stoppages in 4 languages and make it easy for overseas people to use
The
Tokyo Olympics venue
And because we will become the rail is also a well important access
It is not only going to do enough to do that it is their
Access to Haneda Airport which is likely to change significantly in the future
Airport users meet
I think it is good
I think it 's pretty good to have a choice of options